Clarify that you can set channel welcome message & fix JSON indentation (#60)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-welcomebot: README.md

**Maintainer:** [@jfrerich](https://github.com/jfrerich)
**Co-Maintainer:** [@iomodo](https://github.com/iomodo)

> Use this plugin to improve onboarding and HR processes. It adds a Welcome Bot that helps welcome users to team and/or channels as well as easily join channels based on selections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this plugin to improve onboarding and HR processes. It adds a Welcome Bot that helps welcome users to teams and/or channels as well as easily join channels based on selections.
```

    - **ActionSuccessfulMessage**: Message posted after the user takes this action and joins the specified channels.
    - **ChannelsAddedTo**: List of channel names the user is added to. Must be the channel handle used in the URL, in lowercase. For example, in the following URL the **channel name** value is `my-channel`: https://example.com/my-team/channels/my-channel

> The preview of the configured messages as well as creating channel welcome message can be done via bot commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preview of the configured messages, as well as the creation of a channel welcome message, can be done via bot commands:
```

> * `/welcomebot help` - show a short usage information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/welcomebot help` - Displays usage information
```

> * `/welcomebot list` - lists the teams for which greetings were defined

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/welcomebot list` - Lists the teams for which greetings were defined
```

> * `/welcomebot preview [team-name]` - sends ephemeral messages to the user calling the command, with the preview of the welcome message[s] for the given team name and the user that requested the preview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/welcomebot preview [team-name]` - Sends ephemeral messages to the user calling the command, with the preview of the welcome message[s] for the given team name and the user that requested the preview.
```

> * `/welcomebot set_channel_welcome [welcome-message]` - sets the given text as current's channel welcome message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/welcomebot set_channel_welcome [welcome-message]` - Sets the given text as current's channel welcome message.
```

> * `/welcomebot get_channel_welcome` - gets the current's channel welcome message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/welcomebot get_channel_welcome` - Gets the current channel's welcome message.
```

> * `/welcomebot delete_channel_welcome` - deletes the current's channel welcome message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `/welcomebot delete_channel_welcome` - Deletes the current channel'S welcome message.
```

                        "DelayInSeconds": 10,
                        "AttachmentMessage": [
                            "Let's get started by adding you to key channels! What's your role in the company?"
                        ],
                        "Actions" : [
                            {
                                "ActionType": "button",
                                "ActionDisplayName": "Developer",
                                "ActionName": "developer-action",
                                "ChannelsAddedTo": ["bugs", "jira-tasks", "sprint-planning"],
                                "ActionSuccessfulMessage": [
                                    "### Awesome! I've added you to the following developer channels:",
                                    "~bugs - To help investigate or report bugs",
                                    "~jira-tasks - To stay updated on Jira tasks",
                                    "~sprint-planning - To plan and manage your team's Jira sprint"
                                ]
                            },
                            {
                                "ActionType": "button",

>                                 "ActionDisplayName": "Account Manager",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                "ActionDisplayName": "Customer Engineer",
```

>                                 "ActionName": "account-manager-action",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                "ActionName": "customer-engineer-action",
```

                                "ChannelsAddedTo": ["leads", "sales-discussion", "win-loss-analysis"],
                                "ActionSuccessfulMessage": [
                                    "### Awesome! I've added you to the following developer channels:",
                                    "~leads - To stay updated on incoming leads",

>                                     "~sales-discussion - To collaborate with your fellow account managers",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    "~sales-discussion - To collaborate with your fellow Customer Engineers,
```

> To accomplish the above, you can specify the following configuration in your config.json file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To accomplish the above, you can specify the following configuration in your `config.json` file.
```

```
        "Plugins": {
            "com.mattermost.welcomebot": {
                "WelcomeMessages": [
                    {
                        "TeamName": "staff",
                        "DelayInSeconds": 5,
                        "Message": [
                            "### Welcome {{.UserDisplayName}} to the Staff {{.Team.DisplayName}} team!",
                            "",
                            "If you have any questions about your account, please message your @system-admin.",
                            "",
                            "For feedback about the Mattermost app, please share in the ~mattermost channel."
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "TeamName": "staff",
                        "DelayInSeconds": 10,
                        "AttachmentMessage": [

>                             "Let's get started by adding you to key channels! What is your role in the company?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            "Let's get started by adding you to key channels! What's your role in the company?"
```

                        ],
                        "Actions" : [
                            {
                                "ActionType": "button",
                                "ActionDisplayName": "Developer",
                                "ActionName": "developer-action",
                                "ChannelsAddedTo": ["bugs", "jira-tasks", "sprint-planning"],
                                "ActionSuccessfulMessage": [

>                                     "### Awesome! I have added you to the following developer channels:",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    "### Awesome! I've added you to the following developer channels:",
```

                                    "~bugs - To help investigate or report bugs",
                                    "~jira-tasks - To stay updated on Jira tasks",
                                    "~sprint-planning - To plan and manage your team's Jira sprint"
                                ]
                            },
                            {
                                "ActionType": "button",
                                "ActionDisplayName": "Account Manager",
                                "ActionName": "account-manager-action",
                                "ChannelsAddedTo": ["leads", "sales-discussion", "win-loss-analysis"],
                                "ActionSuccessfulMessage": [

>                                     "### Awesome! I have added you to the following developer channels:",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    "### Awesome! I've added you to the following developer channels:",
```

                                    "~leads - To stay updated on incoming leads",
                                    "~sales-discussion - To collaborate with your fellow account managers",
                                    "~win-loss-analysis - To conduct win-loss analysis of closed deals"
                                ]
                            },
                            {
                                "ActionType": "button",
                                "ActionDisplayName": "Support",
                                "ActionName": "support-action",
                                "ChannelsAddedTo": ["bugs", "customer-support", "leads"],
                                "ActionSuccessfulMessage": [

>                                     "### Awesome! I have added you to the following developer channels:",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    "### Awesome! I've added you to the following developer channels:",
```

                                    "~bugs - To help investigate or report bugs",
                                    "~customer-support - To troubleshoot and resolve customer issues",

>                                     "~leads - To discuss potential accounts with other account managers"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    "~leads - To discuss potential accounts with other Customer Engineers"
```
@jasonblais, is this the right role reference?

                                ]
                            }
                        ]
                    },
                    {
                        "TeamName": "devsecops",
                        "DelayInSeconds": 5,
                        "Message": [
                            "### Welcome {{.UserDisplayName}} to the {{.Team.DisplayName}} team!",
                            "",

>                             "**If you are not a member of the Security Meta Team and ended up on this team by accident, please report this issue and leave the team!**",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            "**If you're not a member of the Security Meta Team and ended up on this team by accident, please report this issue and leave the team!**",
```

                            "",
                            "##### I've added you to a few channels to get you started:",
                            "",
                            "~escalation-process - To review the DevSecOps escalation process",

>                             "~incidents - To collaborate and resolve seucrity incidents"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                            "~incidents - To collaborate on and resolve security incidents"
```
